[live-sync] Add limitation related to CAGG invalidation (#4343)
timescale/docs: _partials/_livesync-limitations.md

  target $SERVICE_LONG before syncing the table.

* There is WAL volume growth on the source $PG instance during large table copy.

* Continuous Aggregates Invalidation

>   LiveSync uses `session_replication_role=replica` during data replication,

Reviewer: To prevent table triggers from firing, LiveSync uses `session_replication_role=replica` during data replication. This includes the internal triggers that mark continuous aggregates as invalid when the underlying data changes.

Author: I don't want to give the impression that this is something that we are doing to prevent triggers from firing, it's more a side-effect because we need `session_replication_role=replica` to be set.

  which prevents table triggers from firing. This includes the internal
  triggers that mark continuous aggregates as invalid when underlying data
  changes.

>   If you have continuous aggregates on your target database, they will not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you have continuous aggregates on your target database, they do not
```

  automatically refresh for data inserted during the migration. This limitation
  only applies to data below the continuous aggregate's materialization

>   watermark (i.e. backfilled data). New rows synced above the continuous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  watermark. For example, backfilled data. New rows synced above the continuous
```

>   aggregate watermark will still correctly be used when refreshing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  aggregate watermark are used correctly when refreshing.
```

  This can lead to:

  - Missing data in continuous aggregates for the migration period.
  - Stale aggregate data.
  - Queries returning incomplete results.

>   If the continuous aggregate exists in the source database, then the best

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the continuous aggregate exists in the source database, best
```

>   approach is to add it to the live-sync publication. If it only exists on the

Reviewer 2: >If the continuous aggregate exists in the source database, then the best
  approach is to add it to the live-sync publication.
  
We don't support this yet.

>   approach is to add it to the live-sync publication. If it only exists on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  practice is to add it to the live-sync publication. If it only exists on the
```

>   target database, then it should be manually refreshed using the `force`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  target database, manually refresh the continuous aggregate using the `force`
```
